week1:

i read some reaserch paper about blockchain combine with medicine supply chain 
and choose the blockchain platform for out project.
we intend to use hyperledger fabric as the blockchain platform.

week2:

i learned some basic knowledge about fabric, i tried the fabric-sample projects to familier
with the how to deploy a blockchain network.

week3:

i continue learned fabric-sample projects for how to write a smart contract and how to deloy
an app on fabric network, how to use gateway api to quary an assets.


week4:

i have started to write out backend and write the basic samrt contract.

week5

Starting to build our own production network
Wrote basic chaincode logic for add, delete, and check

week6

Many unanticipated network configuration issues were encountered and resolved.
The chain code is further enriched with transactions between providers and hospitals, and between hospitals and patients.

week7
Learned part of the fabric gateway
Refactored the data structure and storage of the chain code to solve a lot of problems, 
such as the creation of drugs may overwrite the original record of the situation, 
instead of using the drug name as the key, the value of an array to store the same kind of drugs.
Try writing scripts to simplify the deployment process

week8
Enrichment completes the chain code features, such as the way to view demand orders and create anti-fake codes. 
(Using a pre-created pool of security codes and a fixed security code generation function to ensure that 
multiple nodes execute with the same result in order to pass the endorsement policy.)

Built a basic gateway to connect the blockchain to the backend.

week9

Wrote generate.sh and deploy.sh scripts for rapid deployment of blockchain networks and chaincode.

Updated some of the chain code features such as Hospital and Provider View Inventory, 
Hospital and Provider View Orderlist, Hospital and Provider View Demand Forecast List for Drugs.

Completes the vast majority of the gateway, enabling front-end, back-end, and blockchain to be connected

Started writing some introductory documentation for the project, 
as well as blockchain deployment documentation to ensure that 
the project could be successfully deployed in an environment other than our group.

week10

All the basic code work was completed in week 9, and this week I mostly updated the readme file and the documentation for blockchain deployment.